<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />

  <link rel="stylesheet" href="report.css" />

  <title>Heuristic Evaluation Plan</title>
</head>


<body>

  <div id="whole">

    <main>
      <article aria-labelledby="artHEPlanHeading">
        <header>
          <h1 id="artHEPlanHeading">Heuristic Evaluation Plan</h1>
          <h2>Human-Computer Interaction SS 2023</h2>
          <h3>Group G2-04</h3>

          <p>
            Katharina Schmied<br />
            Marco Defant<br />
            Rolando Kristan Unger<br />
            Vanessa Komar<br />
          </p>

          <h2>Evaluation of the Web Site</h2>
          <h3>
            <a href="https://bahnhof-apo.at/">bahnhof-apo.at</a>
          </h3>

          <h3>HE Plan of 29<sup>th</sup> March 2023</h3>

        </header>

        <section id="secIntroduction" aria-labelledby="secIntroductionHeading">
          <h2 id="secIntroductionHeading">1 Introduction</h2>

          <p>
            The website that will be evaluated is that of a pharmacy at the main
            train station in Graz. It provides an overview of all the services and also
            includes an online store. Additionally the website also provides the user with
            news about the pharmacy and general ways to improve health. It is important that
            the website will be evaluated because people need to have an easy and well-
            built webpage when they have concerns about their health.
          </p>

        </section>

        <section id="secEvaluationMethodology" aria-labelledby="secEvaluationMethodologyHeading">
          <h2 id="secEvaluationMethodologyHeading">2 Evaluation Methodology</h2>

          <p>
            The heuristic evaluation is a process which experts utilize to determine the
            usability of a user interface by conducting independent walkthroughs and by
            reporting issues that came up. The insights gathered by the evaluators are
            then used to enhance the usability of the user interface of a product, e.g., a
            website.
          </p>

          <p>
            In 1990 two pioneers in web usability, Jakob Nielsen and Rolf Milch,
            published an article containing a set of heuristics. This article outlines the ten heuristics
            which a system should include in order to provide the best experience for the user.
            These heuristics include concepts such as informing users regarding the website's status,
            employing consistency throughout the site, error prevention, and information
            visibility to name a few [<a href="#ref-IDFn.d.">IDFn.d.</a>].
          </p>

          <p>
            For our heuristic evaluation we will be using a revised version of Nielsen's
            usability heuristics called the "Andrews General Usability Heuristics", as shown in
            Appendix <a href="#appsecHeuristicsHeading">A.1</a>.
          </p>

          <p>
            Below are the steps we will follow to in order to conduct a Heuristic Evaluation as mentioned in [<a
              href="#ref-Nie1994">Nie1994</a>]:
          </p>

          <ol>
            <li>
              Plan the evaluation: Determine the site that should be tested as well its specific functionality.
              Include the heuristics that the evaluators will be using while performing a walkthrough of the site.
            </li>
            <li>
              Conduct the evaluation: These evalutations should be done individually by a group of 5-8 participants.
              Each
              individual will review the website while keeping the heuristics in mind,
              in order to determine both negative and positive findings.
            </li>
            <li>
              Analyse the results: When the evaluation is finished the information that the individual evaluations
              produced
              will be combined and sorted by the evaluators, as a group, based on the severity of the findings.
            </li>
          </ol>

          <p>
            Even though heuristic evaluation is an extremely powerful tool to enhance the usability of a system, when
            not done by experts, it is no substitute for usability testing [<a href="#ref-And2023">And2023</a>]. In the
            end, the evaluation is subjective, and the evaluators are influenced by biases which might distort the
            results.
          </p>
        </section>

        <section id="secUserProfiles" aria-labelledby="secUserProfilesHeading">
          <h2 id="secUserProfilesHeading">3 User Profiles</h2>

          <p>
            As this website is an online pharmacy which includes an online store as well as general information
            regarding the pharmacy, the
            biggest target demographic will be tech savvy people who prefer to buy their medications and other
            health products online. Additionally, there could be a small group of users who are unable to leave the
            house and have to order things online. If this person is not particularly tech savvy, they might
            encounter problems while attempting to order their medications.
          </p>

          <p>
            This allows us to group users into the following categories:
          </p>
          <ol>
            <li>
              People who want to live a more balanced and healty lifestyle
              <ul>
                <li>
                  These people would go onto the website and read up on the general fitness tips under the News section.
                </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li>
              People who want to pick up their prescriptions
              <ul>
                <li>
                  After finding the nearest pharmacy and being guided to this site, the person would then go to the
                  location and pick up their medication.
                </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li>
              People who have some hinderance that makes it difficult to go to the pharmacy in person
              <ul>
                <li>
                  These people are able to navigate to the shop section of the website and order their medication to be
                  delivered.
                </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
            <li>
              People who are seeking alternative/natural treatments
              <ul>
                <li>
                  These people would be able to look on the website to see which herbal and homeopathic remedies are
                  availbe in stores.
                </li>
              </ul>
            </li>
          </ol>

        </section>

        <section id="secExtent" aria-labelledby="secExtentHeading">
          <h2 id="secExtentHeading">4 Extent of the Evaluation</h2>

          <p>
            For this evaluation the entirety of the website will be evaluated.
          </p>
        </section>

        <section id="secEvaluators" aria-labelledby="secEvaluatorsHeading">
          <h2 id="secEvaluatorsHeading">5 Evaluators and Evaluation Environments</h2>

          <p>
            The evaluators will use the evaluation environments shown in
            Table<a href="#table-1">1</a>.
          </p>

          <figure id="table-1" class="table">
            <table class="evaluation-environments">
              <thead>
                <tr>
                  <th>Evaluator</th>
                  <th>Katharina Schmied (ks)</th>
                  <th>Marco Defant (md)</th>
                  <th>Rolando Kristan Unger (ru)</th>
                  <th>Vanessa Komar (vk)</th>
                </tr>
              </thead>

              <tbody>
                <tr>
                  <th>Age</th>
                  <td>20</td>
                  <td>21</td>
                  <td>22</td>
                  <td>22</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Gender</th>
                  <td>female</td>
                  <td>male</td>
                  <td>male</td>
                  <td>female</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Device</th>
                  <td>Lenovo ThinkPad T14 Gen 1 Laptop</td>
                  <td>HP Pavilion 15-cb004ng</td>
                  <td>iPhone 13 Pro</td>
                  <td>iPhone 13 Pro</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>OS and Version</th>
                  <td>Windows 10 Pro</td>
                  <td>Arch Linux</td>
                  <td>iOS 16.3.1</td>
                  <td>iOS 16.1.1</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Screen Size</th>
                  <td>14″</td>
                  <td>15.6″</td>
                  <td>6.06″</td>
                  <td>6.06″</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Screen Resolution</th>
                  <td>1920×1080</td>
                  <td>1920×1080</td>
                  <td>1170×2532</td>
                  <td>1170×2532</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Web Browser</th>
                  <td>Chrome 111.0.5563.111 (64-Bit)</td>
                  <td>Firefox 111.0.1</td>
                  <td>Firefox 111.1</td>
                  <td>Chrome 111.0.5563.72</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Ad Blocker</th>
                  <td>Total Adblock - Ad Blocker 3.7.0</td>
                  <td>none</td>
                  <td>none</td>
                  <td>Chrome built-in ad blocker</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Internet Connection</th>
                  <td>WiFi</td>
                  <td>A1, Magenta</td>
                  <td>WiFi</td>
                  <td>WiFi</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Download Speed</th>
                  <td>52 mbps</td>
                  <td>60 mbps</td>
                  <td>30 mbps</td>
                  <td>20 mbps</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Screen Recording Software</th>
                  <td>OBS Studio 29.0.2</td>
                  <td>AZ Screen Recorder 5.9.2</td>
                  <td>iOS Screen Recording</td>
                  <td>iOS Screen Recording</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Recording Resolution</th>
                  <td>1920×1080</td>
                  <td>1280×720</td>
                  <td>888×1920</td>
                  <td>888×1920</td>
                </tr>

                <tr>
                  <th>Planned Date of Evaluation</th>
                  <td>2023-04-14</td>
                  <td>2023-04-15</td>
                  <td>2023-04-15</td>
                  <td>2023-04-15</td>
                </tr>

              </tbody>
            </table>

            <figcaption>
              <span class="label">Table 1:</span>
              The planned evaluation environments to be used by each evaluator.
            </figcaption>
          </figure>

          <p>
            <!-- Katharina -->
            Katharina will use LosslessCut 3.53.0 on Windows 10
            to extract the video clips from her screen recordings.
          </p>

          <p>
            <!-- Marco -->
            Marco will be capturing the Videos in OBS Studio 29.0.2-2 on Arch linux. Then transfer the created videos
            per extern HDD to his PC with Windows 10 and cut them in LosslessCut 3.53.0.
          </p>

          <p>
            <!-- Rolando and Vanessa -->
            Vanessa and Rolando will use a lightning cable to transfer the screen recording to their
            laptop. They will then use QuickTime Player in order to extract, cut and edit
            the video clips.
          </p>

          <p>
            Since the iPhone 13 Pro has a native resolution smaller than
            FullHD, the video clips will be copied over to a Windows PC where Marco will
            upscale it to 1920×1080 using LosslessCut 3.53.0.
          </p>

        </section>

        <section id="secReferences" aria-labelledby="secReferencesHeading">
          <h2 id="secReferencesHeading">References</h2>

          <dl class="references">

            <dt id="#ref-And2023">[And2023]</dt>
            <dd>Keith Andrews;
              <em>Human-Computer Interaction Course Notes</em>;
              <a href="https://courses.isds.tugraz.at/hci/hci.pdf">
                <code>https://courses.isds.tugraz.at/hci/hci.pdf</code>
              </a>
              Visited 2023-03-28
            </dd>

            <dt id="#ref-IDFn.d.">[IDFn.d.]</dt>
            <dd>Anonymous, Interaction Design Foundation;
              <em> Heuristic Evaluation</em>;
              <a href="https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/topics/heuristic-evaluation">
                <code>https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/topics/heuristic-evaluation</code>
              </a>
              Visited 2023-03-28
            </dd>

            <dt id="ref-Nie1994">[Nie1994]</dt>
            <dd>Jakob Nielsen;
              <em>How to Conduct a Heuristic Evaluation</em>;
              01 Nov 1994.
              <a href="https://nngroup.com/articles/how-to-conduct-a-heuristic-evaluation/">
                <code>https://nngroup.com/articles/how-to-conduct-a-heuristic-evaluation/</code>
              </a>
            </dd>
          </dl>
        </section>

        <section id="appMaterials" aria-labelledby="appMaterialsHeading">
          <h2 id="appMaterialsHeading">A Materials</h2>

          <p>
            The following materials will be used by the evaluation team.
          </p>


          <section id="appsecHeuristics" aria-labelledby="appsecHeuristicsHeading">
            <h3 id="appsecHeuristicsHeading">A.1 Heuristics</h3>

            <p>
              The evaluators will use the Andrews General Usability Heuristics 2013
              found in file:
              <a href="heuristics.pdf"><code>heuristics.pdf</code></a>.
            </p>
          </section>

          <section id="appsecLogFiles" aria-labelledby="appsecLogFilesHeading">
            <h3 id="appsecLogFilesHeading">A.2 Skeleton Log Files</h3>

            <p>
              The evaluators will use the following (plain text) log files
              to collect notes during their individual evaluations:
            </p>
            <ul>
              <li>Katharina Schmied: <a href="logs/log-ks.txt"><code>log-ks.txt</code></a>.
              </li>

              <li>Marco Defant: <a href="logs/log-md.txt"><code>log-md.txt</code></a>.
              </li>

              <li>Rolando Kristan Unger: <a href="logs/log-ru.txt"><code>log-ru.txt</code></a>.
              </li>

              <li>Vanessa Komar: <a href="logs/log-vk.txt"><code>log-vk.txt</code></a>.
              </li>
            </ul>

          </section>

          <section id="appsecSpreadsheet" aria-labelledby="appsecSpreadsheetHeading">
            <h3 id="appsecSpreadsheetHeading">A.3 Spreadsheet</h3>

            <p>
              The evaluation manager will use the skeleton spreadsheet
              <a href="helist.xlsx"><code>helist.xlsx</code></a>
              to merge the individual lists.
            </p>
          </section>



        </section> <!-- Appendix A -->



      </article>
    </main>




    <footer>
      <div class="copyright-licence">
        Copyright © 2023 by the author(s), except as otherwise noted. This
        work is placed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International
        (<a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">CC BY 4.0</a>)
        licence.
      </div>
      <div class="template-copyright-licence">
        [The report template is Copyright © 2023 by Keith Andrews and is available
        under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International
        (<a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">CC BY 4.0</a>)
        licence.]
      </div>
    </footer>


  </div> <!-- whole -->

</body>

</html>